Querier: Sample Count metering for Remote Read requests (#15694)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [ENHANCEMENT] Store-gateway: Remove outdated limit on caching LabelValues responses that contain more than 655360 values. The gob library panic which required workaround was fixed. #5021 #15271
* [ENHANCEMENT] MQE: Reduce memory consumption of range vector splitting when many consecutive intervals are not cached. #15173
* [ENHANCEMENT] Ingester: Make max concurrency for label values count endpoint configurable with `-ingester.label-values-count-max-concurrency`. #15299

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Querier: track physical and equivalent samples read for remote read requests in query statistics, functionally enabling query metering for remote read. #15694

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Querier: track physical and equivalent samples read for remote read requests in query statistics, mirroring the statistics emitted for instant and range queries. #15694
```

Author: done
